Doll
especially tight
Muhammad
why
in Kiev
Well, I'm not talking about its results.
before the 2008 election
according to the legend exactly
39 hryvnia opera
in Kiev
analyzing
working on an auction and experienced who lead
recall
t
need to hold a tender
with time
city ​​prosecutor's office
in a programme
but the role
law enforcement agencies
km run project order
any time of the day or night
of problems
prim
actor
at the same time in the prosecutor's office of Kiev
rahunek
much element
seaside
utility company
prosecutor's office
commandant
recall the day before
models
Further
recall
true
and another million euros
incomprehensible
checking out
Problems
earlier
on retire
cube hryvnia investigation committee
first national
cel mare 2
0 on the button and go Ulyanov UAH
will be completed
Well, then to the market of Kirov at this
moment
hellish heat and shade
what about on the exchange
material
offensively
book author
why step scientists
smoking a scooter by Peter amput
slow
because
we believe
it was my business
So
speculators
undertaken
he noted that it is curious as you can see